So coming over to exercise five.
And stopping this server, and
starting node dev 5,
then go into port 4005.
We log in with kody@remix.run,
kodylovesyou.
And there we are right back to our app.
Okay, so for exercise five,
we're gonna start talking about non
navigation fetching with useFetcher.
As I said earlier,
this could be retitled and
maybe should be retitled to,
back end connected UI components.
So the ability to take like I said
earlier also a component used to be just
the JavaScript and then that would hook
on to the HTML and then we realized hey,
how about we combine these and
because that's one concern.
And then so we was like, hey,
actually the CSS is kind of
an important concern of that too.
So now we've got single file components
and CSS and JS and JSX and all that.
It's all this happy thing, but
there's another piece that's missing and
that's the back end the thing that
our Autocomplete is talking to or
the thing that.
Whatever, like useful UI elements that
you can think of is communicating with.
That's an important piece
of what makes a component.
Now I'm not suggesting that all components
need to have a back end element.
Some of them it's just a button man,
you just like send some prompts to it,
but for some user experiences,
some of these components
are best modeled as a complete
experience with the back end portion.
So that's what we're
gonna be working on here.
And it's super, super cool.
So I've got some background
on this a little bit.
You can read through what we're
gonna be building in this exercise
is when you create a new invoice we no
longer have the customer input here.
So you should be able to type in
the customer that you want and it should
auto populate the matching customers
based on who you're typing in here.
So I've already done all
of the React work for
you because I this is
not a React workshop.
So all of that stuff is done.
We're using downshift, which is a library
I wrote years ago at PayPal, and it's,
I think, pretty great.
So we're using that I actually didn't
write the hook that we're using though.
I moved on before hooks were things so.
We're not using my code necessarily but
yeah,
we're using downshift for
managing that you're just going to
be integrating some of the downshift
API's with remix fetchers.
And yeah, and
then building out the backend piece of
that as well to create this
holistic back end thing.
Files you are going to be working
in the customers component is
inside of this resources route.
I want to be very clear,
there's no convention or
special API around calling
this folder resources.
That's just I want it /resources/customers
to be the resource route here.
It just made sense to me to call it that.
The other thing is we are importing
component from that resource
route into other components.
This is not normal, you should not
typically be importing things from other
routes, routes should not be importing
things from each other most of the time.
But this is actually one case where
it's chef's kiss beautiful it's really,
really nice and so yeah,
just keep that as kind of a general thing,
try not to import between routes.
If you need to share code,
you put it into a different file and
import from both of them.
And then we're going to be
integrating that component
into our the new route for our invoices.
So that is what you are doing and
I hope you have a stellar time of it.